{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Michael Scharf}}\vieww18940\viewh13580\viewkind1\viewscale150
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 White shoe. Everyone banding together and putting up\
temporary walls, scaling down the visions they brought to the city.\
Some, defeated but still active, wanted to get the word out,\
squadron-style. \'93He was Superman 20 years ago,\'94\
someone noted, \'93to introduce the idea of voyeurism right from the start,\
so that the wares were less interesting than the unfolding action.\'94\
So inclined were the guests to dream and loiter,\
festering within a purplish bit of patriotic verse (the antithesis\
of early \'9230s cosmopolitan cool) that there were no masses.\
There was a skeleton crew.\
\
If the roof is wood, you can actually see \
the spots of Red Man \
where the workers had spit the juice. \
Rain, ices and family services, shingles, previous profiles, \
exchanges with schools in Spain, \
crackings down, spectra of blond wood. \
\'93I think of our school as a large supermarket offering every convenience.\'94\
We were willing to take them outright, \
Routes 3 and 17, but we were rejected. \
It is the shapes of our heads, in fact.\
\
Stop eating so much, fuckball.\
But which communities, leaning toward Bethlehem, Cisco, or CSX,\
are likely to be considered magnets for the young?\
Upward, upward, upward, the untergang knocked\
my block off, then chucked in some of their own.\
If the roof is wood, cease fire, tammany hall\'92s a liar,\
can, can stand, as man can, stand, as a man can,\
stand and fight or fidget, doll or dive down and stay down,\
under hand-hewn timbers floated down the Colombia or Snake,\
then removed to Breuer\'92s breadbox for the inblasting of the dome.\
\
Reactions to toys predict behaviors but not contexts.\
The plusses and minuses redacted by dotted lines\'97\
your Biedermeier plaything was gloriously phantasmal,\
but who are you? There\'92s more, more\
however, more masters, that, cracked,\
were made for dancing in their original form\
outside the organization, Giorgio Moroder in Munich.\
Keeping the elderly\
in the towns they helped build, deals and discounts,\
subsidized even if they can\'92t get the notes out\'97totally humane.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 At stake is reunification in Germany, the three\
male faces of liberty, what\'92s technically called \'93connection\'94\
in the orphaned Alpine land.\
There are still jobs in Germany, but they refuse to get in the car,\
or leave the house. Must play the piano in octaves,\
hands spread, clicking through mechanically.\
Not so many Americans are coming.\
They\'92re not internalizing anything.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 A hidden ground of an earlier era\
becomes more visible, now surrounded by flowers,\
staunch loyalists. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f2 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f1 \cf0 Recorded music, the promise of steady work,\
the hegemony of the American singer\'97\
a tone that\'92s languorous but unflinching, an elocution superb, raw\
but somehow smooth, youthful yet somehow worldly. Tomorrow\'92s\
actually a holiday, is implicitly stagy. Willful and terrible.\
We have to interpret your movements, given those uncontent \
stuffed with the beauty of others.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0

\f0 \cf0 I can\'92t believe\
they\'92re paying me to sing; I\'92m having\
such a good time.\
}